
(c) 2006 (http://www.nic.cz)

Intended use of supplied data and information

Data contained in the domain name register, as well as information
supplied through public information services of CZ.NIC association, are
appointed only for purposes connected with Internet network
administration and operation, or for the purpose of legal or other
similar proceedings, in process as regards a matter connected
particularly with holding and using a concrete domain name.

The domain name register is protected by the law according to
appropriate legalities about database protection. Data, information
should not be collected, reproduced, stored or moved beyond this scope
in any form without preceding agreement from CZ.NIC association. The use
of data, information or any part of them contrary to this purpose could
be considered as a breach of the rights of CZ.NIC association, or of
persons whose data are stored in the domain name register or as a
violation of the rights of executors of the property rights. Gathering
of the data or any part of them and /or providing of them for
unrequested message distribution, abuse of network services operation
and breaking the privacy of the other users is particularly considered
as a violation of these rights. Using them contrary to the stated
purpose can also lead to the user being considered as criminally
responsible.

Attention: Requirements for the provision of data or information are
recorded. If a request or a series of requests is evaluated as an attack
which may cause damage to network services or as an effort to gather
data in conflict with the original purpose, this may lead to a blocking
of the access to information services of CZ.NIC or further action as may
be deemed necessary.

The restrictions indicated above do not refer to statistical data
provided by CZ.NIC on condition that the use of such information will
not result in any change of the content or context thereof, and also on
condition that a reference is provided along with any such use to the
CZ.NIC Association or the domain name register as a source of such
information.

By using the WHOIS service or the service of searching in the domain
names register database, the user agrees to the stated conditions and
purposes of data use.

